---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cosign_attest Resource - terraform-provider-cosign"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This attests the provided image digest with cosign.
---

# cosign_attest (Resource)

This attests the provided image digest with cosign.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (String) The digest of the container image to attest.

### Optional

- `fulcio_url` (String) Address of sigstore PKI server (default https://fulcio.sigstore.dev).
- `predicate` (String, Deprecated) The JSON body of the in-toto predicate's claim.
- `predicate_file` (Block List, Deprecated) The path and sha256 hex of the predicate to attest. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--predicate_file))
- `predicate_type` (String, Deprecated) The in-toto predicate type of the claim being attested.
- `predicates` (Block List) The path and sha256 hex of the predicate to attest. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--predicates))
- `rekor_url` (String) Address of rekor transparency log server (default https://rekor.sigstore.dev).

### Read-Only

- `attested_ref` (String) This always matches the input digest, but is a convenience for composition.
- `id` (String) The immutable digest this resource attests.

<a id="nestedblock--predicate_file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predicate_file`

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path to a file containing the predicate to attest.
- `sha256` (String) The sha256 hex hash of the predicate body.


<a id="nestedblock--predicates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predicates`

Required:

- `type` (String) The in-toto predicate type of the claim being attested.

Optional:

- `file` (Block List) The path and sha256 hex of the predicate to attest. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--predicates--file))
- `json` (String) The JSON body of the in-toto predicate's claim.

<a id="nestedblock--predicates--file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predicates.file`

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path to a file containing the predicate to attest.
- `sha256` (String) The sha256 hex hash of the predicate body.


